What did papa firefly tell mama firefly?
Isn't our son too bright for his age!

Q: What do you call a Fly without wings?
A: A walk.

Q: What do you call a Fly with no wings or legs?
A: A roll.

What is the difference between a fly and a bird?
A bird can fly but a fly can't bird!

Why did the fly fly?
Because the spider spied 'er.

What goes "snap, crackle and pop"?
A firefly with a short circuit!

Which fly makes films?
Stephen Speilbug!

If there are 5 flies in the kitchen how do you know which one is the American Football player?
The one in the sugar bowl!

Why were the flies playing football in sauce
They where playing for the cup!

What vehicle has 4 wheels and flies?
a garbage truck.

What do Fireflies eat at a restaurant?
A light meal.

Why do fireflies like the rain?
Because they are lightning bugs!

How do you make a firefly happy?
Cut off its tail and it will be de-lighted.

What do you call a fly that can dance?
A jitterbug.

How do fireflies start a race?
Ready steady glow!

What do you call a fly that is ill?
Answer: The flew

What did one firefly say to the other?
Got to glow now!

Why was the fly looking for the garbage can?
Because he was a litterbug.

Why did the firefly keep stealing things?
He was light fingered!

How do you keep flies out of the kitchen?
Put a pile of manure in the living room!

Eat shit. A billion flies can not be wrong.

Two flies sitting on a dog poo.
One farts.
The other says "Do you mind? I'm eating my dinner!"

Movies
A man in a movie theater notices what looks like a fly eating popcorn sitting next to him.
"Are you a fly?" asked the man, surprised.
"Yes."
"What are you doing at the movies?"
The fly replied, "Well, I liked the book."

Circus
A small fly asks his mother:
"Mom, can I go to the circus?"
"Yes, honey, but be very careful when people applaud!"

What's an anagram for Banach-Tarsky? - Banach-Tarsky-Banach-Tarsky

What is the difference between a Ph.D. in mathematics and a large pizza? 
A large pizza can feed a family of four... 

A mathematician is asked by a friend who is a devout Christian: "Do you believe in one God?" 
He answers: "Yes - up to isomorphism."

How do mathematicians fell a tree?
They square it. Then the root is gone, and the tree just falls over.

There are 10 types of people. Those who know binary and those who don't.

Why was the student upset when his teacher called him average?
It was a mean thing to say!

Why is the obtuse triangle always so frustrated?
Because it's never right.

I'll do algebra, and I'll do trig. I'll even do statistics. But graphing is where I draw the line!

Dear Algebra, stop trying to find your x. They're never coming back - don't ask y.

There are three kinds of people in the world: Those who can count and those who can't.

Why does nobody talk to circles?
Because there is no point.

Did you hear about the mathematician who is afraid of negative numbers? She'd stop at nothing to avoid them.

Why did the chicken cross the Mobius Strip?
To get to the same side.

What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
Nothing, it just waved.

When does a joke become a dad joke?
When it becomes apparent.

I want to be cremated as it is my last hope for a smoking hot body.

Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.

Ladies, if he can't appreciate your fruit jokes, you need to let that mango.

My grandpa has the heart of the lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.

A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.

It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.

Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, "What's your favorite kind of music?" The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."

England doesn't have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool.

What do you get when you mix alcohol and literature? Tequila mockingbird.

The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar. It was tense!

Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them.

Towels can't tell jokes. They have a dry sense of humor.
